Update changelog (#228)
signalfx/signalfx-dotnet-tracing: docs/CHANGELOG.md

- Remove `SIGNALFX_APPEND_URL_PATH_TO_NAME` configuration as it was against the
  [OpenTelemetry Semantic conventions for HTTP spans](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/trace/semantic_conventions/http.md#name).
  Take notice that the URL is available via `http.url` tag.

> - Remove `SIGNALFX_SANITIZE_SQL_STATEMENTS` configuration as all field sanitizations are moving to the Collector.

Author: If anyone has a link for docs, I would add it here.

Reviewer: I think we should link to our supported distro of OTel Collector.

```suggestion
- Remove `SIGNALFX_SANITIZE_SQL_STATEMENTS` configuration as all field sanitizations are moving to the [Splunk OpenTelemetry Connector](https://docs.splunk.com/Observability/gdi/opentelemetry/opentelemetry.html).
```

can you also fix the hyperlink in the general section? I think it is better to use https://docs.splunk.com/Observability/gdi/opentelemetry/opentelemetry.html than https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector

Reviewer: @theletterf FYI

Reviewer 2: s/Connector/Collector

Reviewer: > The GDI team has agreed going forward that all references to the OpenTelemetry agent will be with the term “Collector” instead of “Connector”.
